---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-15T16:42:03.491Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-15T16:41:52.051Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-15-3405ed44-fe91-4e6f-a692-218f55665826.md
published: true
url: 3405ed44-fe91-4e6f-a692-218f55665826/index.html
_type: Article

---
Reflections: 2015 was a year of emergence. Finally understanding, with complete confidence, what my path needs to be, one which is far removed from the one I find myself on.
What did it take to establish this valuable insight?
80 hour working weeks (minimum)
Visits to: Canada, China (twice), South Africa (twice), Czech Republic, Poland, Germany (many times), France (many times), Netherlands, Sweden, Italy (did I go to Italy? Cannot remember), Hungary, Spain, Ireland, UAE, being swept along by at the false rewards of airline miles status.
Prostituting myself for a corporate pay check.
Tolerating tasks that are beneath me in order to support what, to many, might seem to be an enviable lifestyle.
Sacrificing true passions for trivia, integrity for the nurturing of the egos of others.
This is not life; it is slavery.
And none of it is real. Everything is manufactured. The value being added to humanity comes in the form of tax-deductible, brand-building corporate social responsibility. The intention might be authentic. The reality is driven by Wall Street.
My resolution for 2016 is to distance myself from this, to establish a complete existence based on my intellectual net worth, and sincere values, both of which have been sidelined by a day job.
May all those around me find similar light, and feel empowered and enabled to end 2016 in a better place.
Life is too short to live someone else's dream. Turn your own dreams in to goals, and establish a reality that is meaningful to you.
Stay well.